Thinklab client shell allows to use a remote thinklab server as the computing engine for local modeling projects.

h1. Local administration and configuration

Where things are, how things work.

h2. User sessions

h2. config command

h3. Directories: cd/pwd/mkdir

h3. Project and download directories

h3. Local shell commands

h2. Online help

h1. Remote administration 

h2. remote definition

h3. server URLs

h3. users and roles

h2. connect/disconnect

h2. status

h2. pload

h2. get/put

h2. user

h2. kbox

h3. listing, resetting, creating and deleting a kbox

h3. loading annotations in a kbox

h2. list

h2. shutdown, restart and upgrade

h1. Project administration

* Projects are locally stored and are deployed to the server on request. They need to be deployed before models can be run.
* Deployment is reentrant, i.e. projects can be deployed and undeployed as many times as necessary.

h2. Project content

Standard locations:

* **models** model namespaces
* **agents** agent namespaces
* **scenarios** scenario namespaces
* **annotations** annotation namespaces
* **ontologies** ontologies
* **storylines** storyline trees

h3. namespaces

h2. project command

h3. project creation and deletion

h3. setting the current project

h3. project import

h3. project deployment

Note on revision control system; use of git command from within the shell.

h1. Modeling

All model commands work like in the server. When a command generates a file on the server, this file is automatically downloaded to the designated download directory on the client. 

h2. model

h2. rank/measure/categorize

h2. observe

h2. coverage

h2. Gazetteer subsystem

h2. Storyline subsystem